until that means of Irish and Welsh and Scotch Irish and so I've got a
lot of the cult hit me in the Celts wanted to talk as you well know
we're very voluble now we did a study once said USC about who was good
on both duty and it turned out everybody who's going on both duty
had an Irish last name so it's just part of I like talking I like
talk about everything I love talking about the military love to own
war stories about where in Vietnam that year and ball law and off I
go you know we went to Naples with a group of guys and here I go yeah
you know so I like to talk about everything in the military also like
to talk computers my younger brother is a computer engineer working
on laptops I'm on the hook with him all the time talking computers
why this is true eyes that work that way widen this work like it
was supposed to can we do a different Kelly do it better you know I
love talking computers how like talking about that